chore(md-enhance): add tips to Normal Code Demo doc (#3346)
vuepress-theme-hope/vuepress-theme-hope: docs/md-enhance/src/guide/demo/normal.md

:::

> ::: tip import external style

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: tip Import external styles
```

> - If you need import external style (e.g., unocss generated css file), You can add `link` tag to import it. Setting in you code demo's html or js block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you need import to external styles (e.g., css files generated by unocss), you can add `link` tags using html or js blocks. E.g.
```

::: code-tabs

@tab html example

```html
<!-- change to your own href -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="__uno.css" />
```

@tab js example

```js
// add this to js code block, change to your own href

> const linkElem = window.document.createElement("link");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const linkElem = window.document.createElement("link");

```

linkElem.setAttribute("rel", "stylesheet");
linkElem.setAttribute("href", "__uno.css");
document.appendChild(linkElem);
```

> :::
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::
::::
```

Also the `::: tip` should be `:::: tip`.

Reviewer: You are not editing the rest, the outer nesting  container should increase itself to be `::::` `:::::` ....

Author: sorry, I missed it. I will fix it ASAP
